dpkg-query: add --search option, use long form of short options (#8228)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/dpkg-query.md

- List all installed packages:

`dpkg-query --list`

- List installed packages matching a pattern:

> `dpkg-query --list '{{pattern}}'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dpkg-query --list '{{libc6*}}'`
```

I suggest use a concrete pattern example to show some of valid wildcards at once where pattern is expected. Example is taken from `man`.

Reviewer 2: Wait, this is not part of the changes.

Author: Since I expanded the short options for prior examples to long form I'm happy to modify the examples to follow this convention.

It looks like the other translations of `dpkg-query` are also affected by these changes (using the long form of command names, is it worthwhile addressing these changes in the other translations? (In a separate PR if possible)

Reviewer: > Wait, this is not part of the changes.

I am not sure whether I can close this conversation.

- List all files installed by a package:

`dpkg-query --listfiles {{package_name}}`

- Show information about a package:

`dpkg-query --status {{package_name}}`

> - Search for packages that own files corresponding to the given pattern:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this better
```suggestion
- Search for packages that own files matching a pattern:
```

> `dpkg-query --search {{filename_search_pattern ...}}`

Reviewer 2: Based on https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/pages/linux/pacman-files.md, perhaps this better
```suggestion
`dpkg-query --search {{filename}}`
```
